(#)-dev-ish tanks( that normaly only devs can use BUT i want yall to have fun so i placed them there
(##)- same as (#), but tier 2
(R)- rebels
(X,@Y)-Hardness (0-17)(@0-@17)
(X...- normal hardness (ffa,2tdm,4tdm,open siege, boss hunt, squads, duos etc.)
...@Y)-Siege difficulty (while protected)

Summary of bosses:

Sanctuaries:

An entity on player's side, doesn't upgrade, singular entities positioned in the corners of the map.
It is also thought that it repulses bosses away from it.


Rebels:

They look very similar to something, but i cant put my finger on it....
anyways, not too strong, but has tanky bullets


Adherenter:

Elite crasher ripoff but stronger and better



Arsonist:

i thought it would be stronger.... it shouldve been danger of 1, but it still 
can do devious damage up close unprotected,sooooo...


Bow:

dont get relaxed too soon :>


Cogwheel(and variants):

Cogwheel: u will understand why its named like that after u see it

Gear: slitly stronger

Mechanism: i think i overdone it...

Singularity: yea i need to stop doing theese insane yet somewhat ballanced bosses...


Contaminator: 

too laggy, ill probably delete it...


Raider(and variants):

Raider: A boss that is customly breeded over time to be able to deal massive damage to domes, can be perfected

Voyager: A boss that is customly breeded over time to be able to OBLIDERATE domes in seconds, can be better

Dome Eater: the name says it all


Exiler: 

boss with a lot of traps and an good auto turret. perfectly weak


Hexa Trouble (and variants):

Triple Trouble: 3 trouble drone spawners and 3 autos. seems op, but its actually O.K.

Hexa trouble: 3 trouble drone spawners, 3 normal drone spawners and 3 flank turrets. seems op, but its actually ballanced

Octa Trouble: 4 Buffed trouble drone spawners, 4 drone spawners and 4 pena shots (shoots in 5 different d
irections in equal distance from eachother). i think i should stop now...

Hexatetra Trouble: SKIE! I made another one :] ( i lacked big bosses at that moment) 

Description of hexatetra trouble: 8 WHOLE Armed Trouble[3Xtrouble] minion spawner, 8 buffed drone spawners, 4 auto quintets and 4 auto flank turrets.
yea, now ill stop with this...


Ragnarok: the remake of the well-known boss from arras io, but buffed *a little* :]


T-800: 
named after terminator itself. This boss stands after its name.

War Ship: spammy square drone boss, isnt that powerfull while doesnt have its trusty drones



Celestial Bosses:

Athea: 1st boss created in this remake. pretty weak for an celestial. Ch4o2 6oA 98.6 wants her demoted

Ch4o2 6oA's

34.8: chaos apostole, 3480 years of selective breeding to create an chaos machine. didnt work quite well...

98.6: also an chaos apostole, 986# years of selective breeding to create an chaos machine. the developer forgot to add more health and made it 
have too much firepower

256: 25600 years of selective breeding to create an chaos machine, but this time, it actually worked. only god knows how many of theese things 
are living under the crust of this planet at this very moment...

LITE: Chaos machine, ##### years of selective breeding to make smaller Ch4o2 6oA 256 bosses, at a cheaper cost!

Gyzard:

hes the "Health" of the celestials!
Get it?
because its a healer.....


Egg Bosses

Eggs are considered to be the weakest "polygons". well... it IS true, but its devistating to them.


ES bosses:

ES=Egg Seed (or egg sanctuary)

weak bosses, arent a big threat unless u ram them.


EK bosses:

EK=Egg King

love to ram, and shoot a lot, just like hybrid.... but quintet


EM boss(es):

EM=Egg mania. 
overpowered.


EQ bosses:

EQ=Egg Queen

gives support and healing to the other eggs



Polygon Team(ed) bosses:


Triangle seed: weakest boss from here. only thing that makes it dangerous is its spammy 
-drone- triangle spawner at its back and its dream to hug you to death :>


Square seed: 2nd  weakest boss from here. only thing that makes it dangerous is its spammy 
Squares -drones- spawner at its back and its dream to hug you to death or crush you with its squares :>


Provoker: triangle seed but triple. it refuses to ram you

Summoner: the middle of the squad. its more powerfull than you remember it beeing

Demiser: Provoker+Summoner+Egg seed = this monstrosity

Elite snake: 6 normal snake turrets and 3 big snake turrets.

Nest Guardian: seems familiar....

Nest keeper: feels better than ever before

Nest Warden: take a (scenexe.io) tridecagon and make it have 2 twin turrets on each side and tridecagon drone spawners
yeah, its kinda like that but in here...


Rouge Bosses:

They arent QUITE bosses, but they are more powerfull than players. they are mindless zombies that
hunt evrything that doesnt seem like them, even other rouges (seems racist, dont you think?)

Extras:

Tiers:

Tier 0

your average starter tank. it is in arras, diep and (kinda in) scenexe io

Tier 1:

upgrade

Tier 2:

upgrade^2

Tier 3:

upgrade^3

Tier 4 (aka imperials)

upgrade^4

you need to get to an certain portal at a certain xp value to *ascend*


Siege exclusive tiers:

Most likely has an "(@X)" in front. the "@" means its siege exclusive, and the "X" is the number of the tier.


Allies:

Bosses controlled by players that dont upgrade and usually are weak, but can be stronger after certain waves (7;14;20)


Polygons:

Most of them (except eggs) are toughter than players. i suggest not attacking them unless you are alone or underleveled, they arent 
much value at low levels.

there are more variants, just like:

Armed: they are armed....

Infested: crashers but tiered.exe

tier 8-15: super rare polygons

Clockwise polygons:

them rotationg in another direction gives them some kind of benefit... but they dont seem to evolve. hmmmm


Dome(s):

Singular entities that need protection. it seems to atract bosses for some reason...


Vault:
Part of a new gamemode called "Heist". to thoose who were here from  the start, know that 
imperials were a special tank in a 2v5 event. (They drop an healing station after their death)
and here it is! the 2v5 event
2 elite vaults vs 5 vaults.
Puprule vs Imperials
who will win?